Support for IncludeTotalCount parameter (#179)
Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-net: README.md

);
```

> ### Pagination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Paging navigation
```

> If you need to build a paging navigation for your items, you might need to retrieve the total number of items matching the search criteria. This can be achieved by adding `IncludeTotalCountParameter` to the request parameters. With the parameter included the `Pagination` section of the multiple content items response will contain `TotalCount` property. The parameter can also be configured globally by calling method `IncludeTotalCount()` on `IDeliveryOptionsBuilder`. This results in adding `IncludeTotalCountParameter` automatically to each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Paging navigation

To display a paging navigation you need to retrieve the total number of items matching the search criteria. This can be achieved by adding the `IncludeTotalCountParameter` to the request parameters. With this parameter the item listing responses will contain the total number of items in the `Pagination.TotalCount` property. This behavior can also be enabled globally by calling the `IDeliveryOptionsBuilder.IncludeTotalCount` method. Please note that response times might increase slightly.
```
